README.md, before:

# sql-tools

## Introduction
This project contains a variety of scripts and miscellaneous other items for use with SQL Server.

## Contents

### Adminstration
- ChangeDatabaseOptions.sql - Changes various options (recovery model, compatibility, etc.) of one or more databases.
- CorruptionCheck.sql - Check for database corruption on a user selected set of databases.
- IndexMaintenance.sql - Rebuilds/reorganizes database indexes based on user configured parameters.

### Analysis
- BackupHistory.sql - Gets the backup history for a given database.
- DatabaseAndFileState.sql - Get state information for all databases and database files on a given server.
- DefaultPaths.sql - Gets the default paths (e.g., data, log, etc.) for a database engine instance.
- FindWaits.sql - Gets waiting queries with detail info.
- GetPlanDetailsForProc.sql - Gets execution plan(s) and session options for said plans for a given procedure.
- IndexAnalyticsMulti.sql - Gets info (fragmentation, size, missing indexes, etc.) about a given database's indexes.
- IndexAnalyticsSingle.sql - Gets detailed info for a single index.
- MostExpensiveQueries.sql - Get the 10 most expenisve queries by reads, writes, and CPU time.
- StatsInfo.sql - Gets statistics info for a given database.
- TableSpaceUsed.sql - Gets the physical space used per user table.

### Documents
- DatabaseAdministration.docx - A document outlining what I consider to be important topical areas to examine when performing database administration. This is a living document and should not be evaluated as a comprehensive guide to database administration.

### Misc
- QueryShortcuts.sql - Miscellaneous queries that are useful as query shortcuts.
- GenerateColumnLists.sql - Generates multiple column lists (for use in insert statements, logic can be repurposed for dynamic pivots, etc.) for a given table with different formats.

### Snippet
- CarefulBatch.snippet - Expansion snippet for designing high concurrency batch operations.
- RecursiveHierachy.snippet - Expansion snippit for querying adjancy list style hierarchy tables.
- SimpleCursor.snippet - Expansion snippet for a single variable, fast-forward cursor.
- SimpleTransaction.snippet - SurroundsWith snippet for simple transaction management boilerplate.
- SnippetTemplate.txt - T-SQL snippet template (includes a link to the schema definition).

Commit message:

Initial commit for SqlServerAssessmetn.ps1
Adding the SqlServerAssessment PowerShell script and ammended the readme to include details for said script.

README.md, after:

# sql-tools

## Introduction
This project contains a variety of scripts and miscellaneous other items for use with SQL Server.

## Contents

### Adminstration
- ChangeDatabaseOptions.sql - Changes various options (recovery model, compatibility, etc.) of one or more databases.
- CorruptionCheck.sql - Check for database corruption on a user selected set of databases.
- IndexMaintenance.sql - Rebuilds/reorganizes database indexes based on user configured parameters.
- SqlServerAssessment.ps1 - Runs the Microsoft SQL Server General and Vulnerability assessments for all/select instances and databases (as relevant) on the current machine. The script will prompt the user for various options when run. Note that assessment results are Microsoft's recommendations and users' should exercise discretion when determining action items. 

### Analysis
- BackupHistory.sql - Gets the backup history for a given database.
- DatabaseAndFileState.sql - Get state information for all databases and database files on a given server.
- DefaultPaths.sql - Gets the default paths (e.g., data, log, etc.) for a database engine instance.
- FindWaits.sql - Gets waiting queries with detail info.
- GetPlanDetailsForProc.sql - Gets execution plan(s) and session options for said plans for a given procedure.
- IndexAnalyticsMulti.sql - Gets info (fragmentation, size, missing indexes, etc.) about a given database's indexes.
- IndexAnalyticsSingle.sql - Gets detailed info for a single index.
- MostExpensiveQueries.sql - Get the 10 most expenisve queries by reads, writes, and CPU time.
- StatsInfo.sql - Gets statistics info for a given database.
- TableSpaceUsed.sql - Gets the physical space used per user table.

### Documents
- DatabaseAdministration.docx - A document outlining what I consider to be important topical areas to examine when performing database administration. This is a living document and should not be evaluated as a comprehensive guide to database administration.

### Misc
- QueryShortcuts.sql - Miscellaneous queries that are useful as query shortcuts.
- GenerateColumnLists.sql - Generates multiple column lists (for use in insert statements, logic can be repurposed for dynamic pivots, etc.) for a given table with different formats.

### Snippet
- CarefulBatch.snippet - Expansion snippet for designing high concurrency batch operations.
- RecursiveHierachy.snippet - Expansion snippit for querying adjancy list style hierarchy tables.
- SimpleCursor.snippet - Expansion snippet for a single variable, fast-forward cursor.
- SimpleTransaction.snippet - SurroundsWith snippet for simple transaction management boilerplate.
- SnippetTemplate.txt - T-SQL snippet template (includes a link to the schema definition).
